Add note for App Gateway instance count (#83935)
Azure/azure-content: articles/api-management/api-management-howto-integrate-internal-vnet-appgateway.md

### Step 11

Configure the number of instances and size for the application gateway. In this example, we are using the [WAF_v2 SKU](../web-application-firewall/ag/ag-overview.md) for increased security of the API Management resource.  

> We recommend a minimum of two instances (_Capacity_) for production workloads; however, you may wish to reduce it to 1 for non-production scenarios or general experimentation. Please see [Azure Application Gateway Pricing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/application-gateway/understanding-pricing#instance-count) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend a minimum of two instances (_Capacity_) for production workloads; however, you may wish to reduce it to 1 for non-production scenarios or general experimentation. See [Azure Application Gateway Pricing](../application-gateway/understanding-pricing.md#instance-count) for details.
```
